docs/docs/plugins/api/interfaces/Track.md, before:

---
id: "Track"
title: "Interface: Track"
sidebar_label: "Track"
sidebar_position: 0
custom_edit_url: null
---

## Properties

### addtionalArtists

• `Optional` **addtionalArtists**: [`ArtistInfo`](ArtistInfo.md)[]

___

### albumApiId

• `Optional` **albumApiId**: `string`

Id of the artist from the third party service this track came from

___

### albumName

• `Optional` **albumName**: `string`

Name of album where this track came from

___

### apiId

• `Optional` **apiId**: `string`

Id from third party service this Track was retrieved from.

___

### artistApiId

• `Optional` **artistApiId**: `string`

Id of the artist from the third party service this track came from

___

### artistName

• `Optional` **artistName**: `string`

Name of artist where this track came from

___

### duration

• `Optional` **duration**: `number`

Length of track in seconds

___

### id

• `Optional` **id**: `string`

Unique Id generated by AudioGata

___

### images

• `Optional` **images**: [`ImageInfo`](ImageInfo.md)[]

Images associated with this track

___

### name

• **name**: `string`

Name of track

___

### pluginId

• `Optional` **pluginId**: `string`

Plugin Id of plugin where Track was retrieved from. Set by AudioGata.

___

### source

• `Optional` **source**: `string`

Commit message:

Add originalUrl to track, artist, albums, and playlists

docs/docs/plugins/api/interfaces/Track.md, after:

---
id: "Track"
title: "Interface: Track"
sidebar_label: "Track"
sidebar_position: 0
custom_edit_url: null
---

## Properties

### addtionalArtists

• `Optional` **addtionalArtists**: [`ArtistInfo`](ArtistInfo.md)[]

___

### albumApiId

• `Optional` **albumApiId**: `string`

Id of the artist from the third party service this track came from

___

### albumName

• `Optional` **albumName**: `string`

Name of album where this track came from

___

### apiId

• `Optional` **apiId**: `string`

Id from third party service this Track was retrieved from.

___

### artistApiId

• `Optional` **artistApiId**: `string`

Id of the artist from the third party service this track came from

___

### artistName

• `Optional` **artistName**: `string`

Name of artist where this track came from

___

### duration

• `Optional` **duration**: `number`

Length of track in seconds

___

### id

• `Optional` **id**: `string`

Unique Id generated by AudioGata

___

### images

• `Optional` **images**: [`ImageInfo`](ImageInfo.md)[]

Images associated with this track

___

### name

• **name**: `string`

Name of track

___

### originalUrl

• `Optional` **originalUrl**: `string`

Url that points to third party service where to track was retrieved from

___

### pluginId

• `Optional` **pluginId**: `string`

Plugin Id of plugin where Track was retrieved from. Set by AudioGata.

___

### source

• `Optional` **source**: `string`
